they call me jason I'm 18 and I
am in baccalaureate pro cooking at ferrandi
we will realize then you will achieve
the past of candied tomatoes and mozart l
second dish stuffed lamb stool
crusted vegetable cannelloni and the
wet lamb juice during 15 days in
school and one day we found
after when we go to school we have them
general accounts have made tp of
services and therefore confined to work and
well we work like the employee and that's
in a restaurant when we work
really what we are in active life
what matters to us is
really that the students are at the heart
of training and that he can of course
practice and not just look at us
are next to them but in the end what
the wish is that students
be autonomous and lead full at
post no no no no it's not like that
at all stop stop it is necessary that
the end is ready to close for
that gelatin can leave for
start you need the student
the apprentice understand that he is
employed in a house in a
restaurant that is not there simply
in training just to make a visit
touristic
it's really a part of the brigade
I have friends in another school
cooking except that by his not
alternation are technology us that
means they do internships a
once every three months when we talk
and we see that normally they have my
experience that show us how one
will be able to dismount the saddles so
there you see that the cover the
parchment has been removed
when I arrived I felt
pride to be must already in one of
greatest schools of paris we have
regularly the biggest competitions
French cuisine that unfold to
the school we have in their entourage
the largest French houses our
students right away you can them
rub them very quickly appears
want to sometimes have a small map
visit to be hired have the story
set hot this is okay
grab
you see the coloring we will do in
kind of rage all day a focus
must be reactive
the leaders are here too to try to
do not get stressed because
it's still not easy to manage your
stress
what we are looking for in a young person
apprentice it is both the qualities
but I would say more is the little
spark that has in the eye landry we're going
simply roll but we will not
to make too much thickness we will do in
so that it does not cover just about
5 6 cm this profile is very pedagogue
sauna a lesser question to help us
if we want to make revisions on
something he's going to do them some classes
we feel they have the experience and who
are not there just to make short of
kids and tell them bah voila you do that
and here we see who wants us to evolve
we love it when we wear it under and
we see our alumni arrive
and who have experience abroad
or in large institutions
Parisians there pronounces here we do not have
been so bad
not long ago I had a coconut
So competition of kitchens the republic
and so I finished 1st will realize a
dish and a dessert every day in
two weeks I've been training so
I won this contest is not that
thanks to me it's also thanks to
teachers who trained me one is
glad we have leaders who are
come to help us who are not behind
to show us that we had the
abilities to do that always makes
pleasure to see as well that our currencies to
wheel